---
title: Friday Random Ten for 24 March 2023
date: "2023-09-24T14"
tags: [ "music", "friday random ten" ]
---

(TODO: replace image)

**above:** photo by [@felipepelaquim](https://unsplash.com/ko/@felipepelaquim?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText) on [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/photos/UNNAYh3sMOg?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText) {.image-credit}

I would like to bring back something from my old, regular blogging days of the mid-aughts: the Friday Random Ten. I don’t remember who started this tradition, but a bunch of us Philly bloggers would bring this around every Friday. The basic rules are:

1. fire up your digital music player
1. go to “all songs“ and shuffle play _everything_
1. note the first 10 songs to show up, _without_ skipping anything
1. create your playlist

Sometimes we would also note our favorite or least favorite songs, bands from the list that we’d seen live, really random connections if a song popped up on someone _else’s_ list, etc. The only things I would ever pass by were podcasts or audio books that may have inadventently made it through the “songs“ group.

My first MP3 player was a [40GB Creative Nomad Zen Xtra](https://www.crutchfield.com/S-X3SfA6toNe4/p_053ZENX40G/Creative-NOMAD-Zen-Xtra.html), and very sadly I no longer have it. I do still have [my 2005 60GB iPod](https://www.instagram.com/p/CgSU9mMOFU5/). I’m pretty sure it doesn’t have _everything_ on it, but it _does_ have nearly 12,000 songs. It’s not as slick as a new iPod or iPhone &#8212; when I was on a retreat with folks from one of my groups, the younger ones among us were _just amazed_ that it didn’t have a touch screen &#8212; but it’s gotten me through 18 years so far, and recently [travelled cross-country on my Lincoln Highway road trip](https://www.lincolnhighwayjournal.com/). It’s my trusty friend, and it’s staying with me until one of us passes on. 

Neither the iPod nor my music folder on the external hard drive has everything I listen to, because over the past few years I’ve used streaming services. First it was Spotify, that I cancelled a while back; now it’s Deezer. I do have a record player and a double-deck cassette player that I’ve hooked up my old stero system. I’ve been trying to get back into buying music, especially physical copies when I can, including CDs but more often than not, cassette tapes and vinyl records. [My brother’s record label, Virtua94](https://virtua94records.bandcamp.com/music), among some other artists I support, releases most of its albums on cassette as well as digital download.

**Today’s Friday Random Ten**, brought to you courtesy of that old iPod (is almost 20 years old considered vintage?):

1. “Scrub Club Megamix” &#8211; DJ CutterJ, _Noncents Vol. 2_
2. “Call and Answer” &#8211; Barenaked Ladies, _Stunt_
3. “Moments of Pleasure” &#8211; Kate Bush, _The Red Shoes_
4. “Stagger on Rejoycing” &#8211; Global Transmission, _Y100’s Philly File_
5. “Snowball” &#8211; Moby, _Hotel: Ambient_
6. “Mouth” &#8211; Bush, _Razorblade Suitcase_
7. “South of America” &#8211; Phosphorescent, _Daytrotter Session: Mar 7, 2008_
8. “Let Us Know” &#8211; Koufax, _Daytrotter Session: Feb 15, 2007_
9. “Suck My Wallet” &#8211; The Grammar Club, _MC Horse Rides Again_
10. “Show Me Your Heart” &#8211; Need New Body, _UFO_

**Artists I’ve seen live:** DJ CutterJ, Barenaked Ladies, Moby, The Grammar Club

**Favorite track on the list:** I’ve been feeling ’90s nostalgia lately, so I’m gonna go with “Mouth”

**Least favorite track on the list:** “Suck My Wallet”, because I think Grammar Club’s first album _Bremelanotide_ was far superior
