---
title: Friday Random Ten for 29 September 2023
date: "2023-09-29T20:00"
tags: [ "music", "friday random ten" ]
---

(TODO: replace image)

**above:** photo by [@felipepelaquim](https://unsplash.com/ko/@felipepelaquim?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText) on [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/photos/UNNAYh3sMOg?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText) {.image-credit}

It’s that time again! I’m bringing back something from my old, regular blogging days of the mid-aughts: the Friday Random Ten. I don’t remember who started this tradition, but a bunch of us Philly bloggers would bring this around every Friday. The basic rules are:

1. fire up your digital music player
1. go to “all songs“ and shuffle play _everything_
1. note the first 10 songs to show up, _without_ skipping anything
1. create your playlist

**Today’s Friday Random Ten**, brought to you by me having a terrible, horrible, no good, very bad day.

1. “Peace Frog” &#8212; Smash Mouth, _Stoned Immaculate: The Music of the Doors_
2. “Cherub Rock” &#8212; Smashing Pumpkins, _Siamese Dream_
3. “So Slowly” &#8212; Early Day Miners, _Daytrotter Session: Jan 30, 2008_
4. “World Robot Domination” &#8212; Sudden Death, _Fatal Error_
5. “You Suck” &#8212; The Murmurs, _The Murmurs_
6. “Chasing Me” &#8212; Korn, _The Untouchables_
7. “One Step at a Time (acoustic)” &#8212; Four Year Strong, _Enemy of the World_
8. “Pour Some Sugar on Me” &#8212; Def Leppard, _Hysteria_
9. “Round and Round and Round” &#8212; The Cure, _Wild Mood Swings_
10. “Only in Dreams” &#8212; Weezer, _Weezer_

**Artists I’ve seen live:** Sudden Death

**Favorite track on the list:** while it is the song that got them the most airplay, The Murmurs’ “You Suck” is on an album that doesn’t get as much recognition as it should.

**Least favorite track on the list:** “Chasing Me”. Do I like Korn?

**It amuses me:** that Smash Mouth was followed by Smashing Pumpkins.
