---
title: Friday Random Ten for 28 April 2023
date: "2023-04-28T17:30"
tags: [ "music", "friday random ten" ]
---

(TODO: replace featured image)

It’s that time again! I’m bringing back something from my old, regular blogging days of the mid-aughts: the Friday Random Ten. I don’t remember who started this tradition, but a bunch of us Philly bloggers would bring this around every Friday. The basic rules are:

1. fire up your digital music player
1. go to “all songs“ and shuffle play _everything_
1. note the first 10 songs to show up, _without_ skipping anything
1. create your playlist

**Today’s Friday Random Ten**, brought to you by dealing with a certain hosting company’s policies on hosting sites of hate groups.

1. “Dark Blue” &#8211; No Doubt, _Return of Saturn_
2. “Mr. Tanner” &#8211; Harry Chapin, _Short Stories_
3. “Close to Me” &#8211; The Cure, _Galore_
4. “Angel” &#8211; Dave Matthews Band, _Everyday_
5. “Carnival” &#8211; Natalie Merchant, _Tigerlily_
6. “Apologies are for the Weak” &#8211; Miss May I, _Apologies are for the Weak_
7. “Out of the Frying Pan (and into the Fire)” &#8211; Meat Loaf, _Bat out of Hell II: Back into Hell_
8. “Cupcakes in my Basement” &#8211; Saltlakrits, single
9. “Get Off My Elevator” &#8211; Kool Keith, _Office Space: The Motion Picture Soundtrack_
10. “Johnny, Kick a Hole in the Sky” &#8211; Red Hot Chili Peppers, _Mother’s Milk_

**Artists I’ve seen live:** Meat Loaf, Red Hot Chili Peppers

**Favorite track on the list:** difficult, as this is _not_ a playlist I would have put together myself, and some of these bands have fallen way off my rotation list. However, that list _definitely does not_ include The Cure.

**Least favorite track on the list:** again, difficult. I’ll choose "Angel".

**Whelp, I’m not going to the Good Place:** yes, RHCP used to be my favorite band, and I have seen them multiple times. Sometimes traveling as far as nearly 250 miles from my home.

**The _wtf?_ moment:** I honestly had to look up "Cupcakes in my Basement" because I had absolutely no idea what that song is. Oh, right. _My Little Pony_! It was research, years ago, when I was writing an article on the brony music scene.
