---
title: Friday Random Ten for 2 June 2023
date: "2023-06-02T22:15"
tags: [ "music", "friday random ten" ]
---

(TODO: replace image)

**above:** photo by [@felipepelaquim](https://unsplash.com/ko/@felipepelaquim?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText) on [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/photos/UNNAYh3sMOg?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText) {.image-credit}

It’s that time again! I’m bringing back something from my old, regular blogging days of the mid-aughts: the Friday Random Ten. I don’t remember who started this tradition, but a bunch of us Philly bloggers would bring this around every Friday. The basic rules are:

1. fire up your digital music player
1. go to “all songs“ and shuffle play _everything_
1. note the first 10 songs to show up, _without_ skipping anything
1. create your playlist

**Today’s Friday Random Ten**, brought to you by preparing for the next season of District Karaoke, which starts one week from today! I’m green team on my division this season. We are Sex Bob-omb!

1. “Damaged Goods” &#8211; The Sinister Six, _Invasion of the Mic Snatchers_
2. “Hymn” &#8211; Moby, _MobySongs 1993-1998_
3. “Frost” &#8211; Allison Tartalia, _Ready_
4. “Spread” &#8211; OutKast, _Speakerbox / The Love Below_
5. “Velvet Morning” &#8211; The Verve, _Urban Hymns_
6. “The Frail” &#8211; Nine Inch Nails, _And All That Could Have Been_
7. “Queen of the Populists” &#8211; Beulah, _Handsome Western States_
8. “Collarbone” &#8211; Fujiya & Miyagi, _Transparent Things_
9. “Seconds” &#8211; U2, _War_
10. “SPECIALEDITION” &#8211; ToadOfSky, _STARWRLD_

**Artists I’ve seen live:** The Sinister Six, Moby, Allison Tartalia, ToadOfSky

**Favorite track on the list:** “SPECIALEDITION”, and no, that’s not just because we have the same parents.

**Least favorite track on the list:** even without the problematicness of Moby, this is one of my least-liked songs of his.
