---
title: Friday Random Ten for 25 August 2023
date: "2023-08-25T21:00"
tags: [ "music", "friday random ten" ]
---

(TODO: replace image)

**above:** photo by [@felipepelaquim](https://unsplash.com/ko/@felipepelaquim?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText) on [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/photos/UNNAYh3sMOg?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText) {.image-credit}

It’s that time again! I’m bringing back something from my old, regular blogging days of the mid-aughts: the Friday Random Ten. I don’t remember who started this tradition, but a bunch of us Philly bloggers would bring this around every Friday. The basic rules are:

1. fire up your digital music player
1. go to “all songs“ and shuffle play _everything_
1. note the first 10 songs to show up, _without_ skipping anything
1. create your playlist

**Today’s Friday Random Ten**, brought to you by that time a date kept emphatically telling me that I, whose favorite movie is _The Muppet Movie_, was very very wrong about the year in which it was released.

1. “Never Before, Never Again (Instrumental)” &#8212; _The Muppet Movie: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack_
2. “Wonder” &#8212; Natalie Merchant, _Tigerlily_
3. “I’ll Ruin Your Thoughts” &#8212; Tigers and Monkeys, _Tigers and Monkeys_
4. “Rockin’ the Rhymes” &#8212; Arcane Addiction vs. MC Loki and Killa Ghozt, _Here Comes a New Challenger II Turbo (Disc 1)_
5. “The Smallest Bones” &#8212; Castanets, _Daytrotter Session: May 10, 2007_
6. “New Violence” &#8212; White Williams, _Daytrotter Session: December 10, 2007_
7. “Box Set” &#8212; Barenaked Ladies, _Gordon_
8. “Automatic Flowers” &#8212; Our Lady Peace, _Clumsy_
9. “Achilles Last Stand” &#8212; Led Zeppelin, _Presence_
10. “Fight” &#8212; The Cure, _Kiss Me, Kiss Me, Kiss Me_

**Artists I’ve seen live:** Natalie Merchant, MC Loki, Barenaked Ladies, Our Lady Peace

**Favorite track on the list:** usually I would absolutely pick anything from _The Muppet Movie_, but since it’s an instrumental, today I’ll go with “Automatic Flowers”.

**Least favorite track on the list:** still have not been in a Led Zeppelin mood lately.
