---
title: Friday Random Ten for 5 May 2023
date: "2023-05-05T20:00"
tags: [ "music", "friday random ten" ]
---

(TODO: replace image)

**above:** photo by [@felipepelaquim](https://unsplash.com/ko/@felipepelaquim?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText) on [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/photos/UNNAYh3sMOg?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText) {.image-credit}

It’s that time again! I’m bringing back something from my old, regular blogging days of the mid-aughts: the Friday Random Ten. I don’t remember who started this tradition, but a bunch of us Philly bloggers would bring this around every Friday. The basic rules are:

1. fire up your digital music player
1. go to “all songs“ and shuffle play _everything_
1. note the first 10 songs to show up, _without_ skipping anything
1. create your playlist

**Today’s Friday Random Ten**, brought to you by urgently fixing some bugs instead of working on the thing I planned on working on today.

1. “Colin Creevey &#8211; The Quaffle Kids, _Bludgers & Broomsticks_
2. “If I Didn’t Love You” &#8211; Squeeze, _Singles: 45's and Under_
3. “Just One” &#8211; Hoobastank, _The Reason_
4. “Aluminum” &#8211; Barenaked Ladies, _Everything to Everyone_
5. “Just What I Needed” &#8211; The Cars, _Complete Greatest Hits_
6. “With Holes for Thumb-Sized Birds” &#8211; Maritime, _Daytrotter Session: October 8, 2007_
7. “Cautioners” &#8211; Jimmy Eat World, _Bleed American_
8. “Cybernetic Armor” &#8211; Sammus, ANOTHER M
9. “Friend of Mine” &#8211; Eve 6, _It’s All in Your Head_
10. “On the Boundary” &#8211; Y Kant Tori Read, _Y Kant Tori Read_

**Artists I’ve seen live:** The Quaffle Kids, Barenaked Ladies, Sammus

**On a technicality:** I haven’t seen Y Kant Tori Read, but I _have_ seen Tori Amos.

**Favorite track on the list:** Gonna go with Sammus’ “Cybernetic Armor” this week, although Squeeze and the Cars are fighting for that spot.

**Least favorite track on the list:** maybe “Just One”? I don’t remember ever buying a Hoobastank album.

**Problematic:** I absolutely still love wizard rock, and going to those shows (and putting one on myself!) fills me with happy nostalgia. However, fuck J.K.
